No wonder my dad told me
Lin Zhiqiu is getting more and more confused
It's a meeting tomorrow
Kneeling down and apologizing
It's a shame to throw it home
Governor's Finger by Dragon Palace
After you die, you still want to copy my battery
我堂堂云中总督之人
比你懂容电器
I call you less fucking bluffing than you know dragon points
If you bluff again, you're a total garbage
Song Ziliao shut up
I shut up Lin Zhizhong
You really treat yourself like a dish
You want me to call my dad?
一负24小时扬州就能封锁钦州
See how you step down
Song Ziliang wants to fight you, and the king of heaven can't stop me
I will make you kneel before you die
See for yourself how I play with your woman?
you
Hey
Ah helper
People coax you
You like people who are sad so much
Don't laugh